Add 'getting started' FAQ item (#761)
inducer/relate: doc/faq.rst

Frequently Asked Questions
==========================

How do I get started with Relate?
---------------------------------
At the start of a course, there are a few steps required to get going.
We assume that the Relate server is already installed and that you have
a user account there. Your account will need to have sufficient
privileges to create a course. (You can tell whether that's the case by
checking that there is a 'Set up new course' button at the bottom of the main

> Relate page.)

Author: ```suggestion
Relate page. If you don't yet have sufficient privileges, ask your site admin.)
```

Getting everything set up
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-   Start by creating a Git repository on a hosting site (Github, Gitlab,
    Bitbucket, or similar) for your course.  Likely you will want this to be a
    private repository, to prevent students from seeing solutions to your
    assignments.

-   If you have a course repository from a prior semester, you can start by
    pushing its content to your new repository.

    If you're starting from scratch, you can use the
    `sample course <https://github.com/inducer/relate-sample>`__.
    You can either create your own and use it as a guide, or use
    it in its entirety and just make modifications.

-   Now you are ready to click that 'Set up new course' button.

>     Fill out the form that pops up. For the 'Git source' field,

Author: ```suggestion
    Fill in the form that pops up. For the 'Git source' field,
```

        ssh://git@hostingsite.com/yourusername/yourreponame.git

-   To make sure Relate can access your course content, you will need
    an SSH keypair. Below the 'SSH private key' box in the course creation
    form, there is a link to a tool (built into Relate) to help you create one.
    Open that link in a new browser tab. Copy the 'private key' bit into the
    'SSH private key' box on the course creation form. Next, find the
    "Deployment key" section in the settings of your Git hosting site, and add
    the public key there. On Github, this is under "Setting/Deploy keys". On
    Gitlab, it is under "Settings/Repository/Deploy keys". For the title of the
    key, you may choose any description you like.

-   Fill out the rest of the form. You will want to pay special attention
    to whether you want your course listed on the main page, whether
    you would like it open for enrollment right away, who is allowed to enroll,
    and whether the site is restricted to staff. Nearly all of these settings can be
    changed later, under "Content/Edit Course", so if you make a mistake,
    it's note the end of the world. The only things that have to be correct

>     at this point are the SSH settings, the the course identifier, course root,
>     and the settings for 'course root' and 'course file' (but, in all
>     likelihood, the defaults will be just fine).

Author: ```suggestion
    at this point are the SSH settings, the course identifier,
    and the settings for 'course root' and 'course file'
    (for these last two, in all likelihood, the defaults will be just fine).
```

    .. note::

>         When choosing the 'course identifier', note that this will appear as

Author: ```suggestion
        The course identifier is final and cannot be changed once the course
        is created.
        
        When choosing the course identifier, note that this will appear as
```

        part of the URL when students browse your course, so it is best to

>         choose something that is easy to type and doesn't look out of place

Author: ```suggestion
        choose something that is easy to type and does not look out of place
```

        there, such as by preferring lower to upper case. It also has to be
        unique across the entire Relate site that you are using, so if the
        course you are teaching is expected to run multiple times, the
        identifier should likely include extra bits like the semester, and
        maybe even the name of the section.

        A common pattern is, e.g., ``cs450-f21`` for a course named `CS 450`
        running in the fall semester of 2021.

> -   Once you hit 'Validate and create', Relate will try to download your

Author: ```suggestion
-   Once you hit 'Validate and create', Relate will download your
```

    course content via Git and check it for validity. This may take a second.
    Next, you should be greeted by your new course web page.

    If something went wrong, Relate will show an error message that

>     explains what happened. If you can't figure out what it is trying to say,

Author: ```suggestion
    explains what happened. If you are unable to figure out what it is trying to say,
```

    contact the site admin for your installation of Relate.

What to do next
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> At this point, you're off to the races! Here are some ideas for things you may

Author: ```suggestion
At this point, you are off to the races! Here are some ideas for things you may
```

want to take care of next:

-   To update the course content, commit your changes, push them to your Git
    hosting site, select "Content / Retrieve/preview new course revisions" and
    click "Fetch and update" or "Fetch and preview".

-   You may also want to add your course staff so that they can help you
    get things set up. You can add them under "Grading / List of Participants",
    making sure to choose an appropriate role for them. Try to avoid giving
    one-off permissions. Instead, adjust the permissions of the role on
    the admin site.

-   If your course has controlled enrollment, you will likely want to
    recheck the enrollment settings under "Content/Edit course".

-   If you check "Enrollment approval required", you will receive an email
    (at the "Notify email" you provided) whenever a student tries to register.
    Approving these requests can be cumbersome. So you may want to create
    "enrollment preapprovals" for the students in your course, for example
    based on a class roster you have received. You can preapprove students

>     either by institutional ID/student ID or by their email address.

Author: ```suggestion
    either by institutional ID/student ID or by their email address.
    You can create those preapprovals under the "Instructor / Preapprove enrollments"
    menu item.
```

-   Key dates in your course will be different every time your teach it, so Relate

>     provides a notion of 'events' as symbolic names for specific points in time.

Author: ```suggestion
    provides a notion of 'events' as symbolic names for specific points/periods in time.
```

    (E.g. ``lecture 5``, ``quiz 3``, ``exam 2``). In addition to (optionally) being
    shown on the class calendar, you can refer to them from your course content,
    so that you don't have to manually change these dates every time you teach

>     the course. If your  course content used events, you will likely have

Author: ```suggestion
    the course. If your course content uses events, you will likely have
```

    seen some warnings fly by about these being missing. (You can revisit those
    warnings by going to "Content / Retrieve/preview new course revisions" and
    clicking "Update" to rerun the validation.) Now might be a good time

>     to add those events.

Author: ```suggestion
    to add those events. (using "Content / Edit events")
```

    Note that events may be numbered, as in the example above. If you need to create
    many events, note that there is a function "Content / Create recurring events"
    which lets you do so efficiently. If you have events that occur (e.g.) multiple

>     times a week, create both series separately. At this point, however, the

Author: ```suggestion
    times a week, create all (e.g. weekly) series separately. At this point, however, the
```
